User blocking implementation (#268)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/msgs/block-user.md

# `MsgBlockUser`
This message allows you to block a specific user associated with a given address.

## Structure
```json
{
  "type": "desmos/MsgBlockUser",
  "value": {
    "blocker": "<Desmos address that's blocking someone>",
    "blocked": "<Desmos address that's been blocked>",
    "reason": "<Reason of the block>",
    "subspace": "<Subspace of the block>"
  }
}   
```

### Attributes
| Attribute | Type | Description |
| :-------: | :----: | :-------- |
| `blocker`  | String | Desmos address of the user that is blocking someone else |
| `blocked`| String | Desmos address of the blocked user |
| `reason` | String | (Optional) reason for the block |

> | `subspace` | String | Required string that identifies the app |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subspace` | String | String that identifies the app for which the block should apply |
```
